Data source:
Monthly cvs file (july 2018-june2020)were collected from  https://citibikenyc.com/system-data

Visualization:
https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/mani.shah/viz/citi_17045691306480/story


Analysis:
1:No of trips:
Total number of records were 12 billion. People seem to ride more bikes in the summer than in the winter. The possible reason could be that people are not willing to ride outside in winter due to the cold weather. September 2019 had the lowest number of records, while April 2020 had the lowest number of records.


2:Statistcs:
on this dashboard we see the total values for the winter season. Here we see some interesting information.

While the vast majority of rides are half an hour or less, decreasing as time goes on, the number of very long rides stays relatively constant.
Most rides are a under a mile to their ending station.
Non-member ride time is on average about 20 minutes, nearly double member ride time. However, both travel about the same average distance of a little over 1 mile. This could be due to many non-members being tourists, making stops between their destinations or being unfamiliar with the area.


3:Popular stations: top 10 includes the cenatral park all way to A: av having more then4600 startime rides.
B:While the vast majority of rides are half an hour or less, decreasing as time goes on, the number of very long rides stays relatively constant.
C:Most rides are a under a mile to their ending station.
Non-member ride time is on average about 20 minutes, nearly double member ride time. However, both travel about the same average distance of a little over 1 mile. This could be due to many non-members being tourists, making stops between their destinations or being unfamiliar with the area.

4:Subscriber Vs customer ration:
It shos a big trend how the subscribers are being on oincreasing as they goyt additional benefits and benefits on each ride an dmostly in summer it goes up in big cities.

5:Average trip durations;
The avearge duration for custoer is 1:2 ration long depending upon there trip and this trend show positive aspect how more are keep up .


future analysis:
1:keep data short and before askinbg question take a look either it includes atleast all being testing for.

2:Use weather data to see how temperature and precipitation affect usage.

3:Use membership data to find out how much the average individual member uses CitiBike






